Database Integrity Constraints
	1. Meaning:
		Database Integrity Constraints are rules that reduce the chance to be caused errors in the data entry.
		Strict enforcement of data integrity rules causes the error rates to be lower, resulting in time saved
		troubleshooting and tracing erroneous data and the errors it causes algorithms.
	2.Types:
		- Entity integrity concerns the concept of a primary key. Entity integrity is an integrity rule which
		  states that every table must have a primary key and that the column or columns chosen to be the primary
                  key should be unique and not null.

		- Referential integrity concerns the concept of a foreign key. The referential integrity rule states that any
		  foreign-key value can only be in one of two states. The usual state of affairs is that the foreign-key value
                  refers to a primary key value of some table in the database. Occasionally, and this will depend on the rules
                  of the data owner, a foreign-key value can be null. In this case we are explicitly saying that either there
                  is no relationship between the objects represented in the database or that this relationship is unknown.

		- Domain integrity specifies that all columns in a relational database must be declared upon a defined domain.
                  The primary unit of data in the relational data model is the data item. Such data items are said to be non-decomposable
                  or atomic. A domain is a set of values of the same type. Domains are therefore pools of values from which actual values
                  appearing in the columns of a table are drawn.

		- User-defined integrity refers to a set of rules specified by a user, which do not belong to the entity, domain and referential
                  integrity categories.
	3. When
		An example of a data-integrity mechanism is the parent-and-child relationship of related records.
                If a parent record owns one or more related child records all of the referential integrity processes are
                handled by the database itself, which automatically ensures the accuracy and integrity of the data so that
                no child record can exist without a parent (also called being orphaned) and that no parent loses their child records.
                It also ensures that no parent record can be deleted while the parent record owns any child records. All of this is handled
                at the database level and does not require coding integrity checks into each applications.